What Sunan, he is the eldest lady
Guo Ruichang
I told you so.
I can make you have everything
Can also make me lose everything
How about this surprise? Are you satisfied?
Gu Shao, I know I was wrong
I was going to send silver to be deceived.
I don't mean to hurt you, kneel down
Can you forgive me?
I'm blind, I'm not a thing, how can you scold me?
How to say my stuff
Please forgive me, okay?
Gu Ruicheng
You are really a mercenary villain
I used to think I was born low
Just throw me away like an object
Now I know that I am the eldest lady of the Su family
Kneel down like a dog
You really have no backbone!
I really know I was wrong.
It's late, I've already had someone make an announcement.
Su's Group and Story Eternal Protection and
Anyone who dares to help you is against me
You're trying to destroy me, aren't you?
I'm just taking back what belongs to me
Sutan
I know you hate me
But you can't joke about business.
Our Gu family is still among the top flags in the country
Cooperate with many bosses
You know
How much impact will this have on the Su family?
You seem to think too highly of yourself.
Mr. Su
Do you really want to let Sunan make nonsense like this?
Oh?
Xiaonan means what my father and I mean
Butler sees off
Mamma